Add Aside component (#761)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/integrations-guide.md

- Add new features to your project, like automatic sitemap generation.
- Write custom code that hooks into the build process, dev server, and more.

:::note[Experimental status]

> Integrations are still new, and the API has not yet been finalized. Only official Astro integrations (those published to `@astrojs/` on npm) are currently supported to protect users from breaking changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only official Astro integrations (those published to `@astrojs/` on npm) are currently supported to protect users from breaking changes.
```

Author: One small tweak here just to clarify that it’s a default not zero support. (Next paragraph does imply this but could be confusing reading these side by side.)

```suggestion
Only official Astro integrations (those published to `@astrojs/` on npm) are currently supported by default to protect users from breaking changes.
```

**To enable 3rd-party integrations:** Run Astro with the `--experimental-integrations` CLI flag, or include `experimental: { integrations: true }` in your Astro config file.
:::

## Tutorial: Adding React to Your Project

In this example, we will add the `@astrojs/react` integration to add React support to your Astro project. The process for adding any other framework (Preact, Vue, Svelte or Solid.js) is almost identical and can be followed using the same steps outlined below.

> :::tip[Feeling adventurous?]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::tip[Quick Method]
```

> Astro recently launched an **experimental** `astro add` command to automate this process! Instead of the steps below, you can run `npx astro add react`. That's it!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro provides an `astro add` command to automate this process for official Astro integrations! Instead of the steps below, you can run `npx astro add react`. That's it!
```

Astro recently launched an **experimental** `astro add` command to automate the setup of integrations.

> :::note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::warning
```
What do you think about making this a warning?
